c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\bin\Debug\appDivinaCocoa.xr.xml
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\bin\Debug\appDivinaCocoa.exe
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\bin\Debug\appDivinaCocoa.pdb
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\bin\Debug\appDivinaCocoa.build.appxrecipe
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\bin\Debug\SlideView.Library.dll
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\appDivinaCocoa.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\appDivinaCocoa.exe
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\appDivinaCocoa.pdb
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\appDivinaCocoa.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\bin\Debug\Assets\menu.png
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\bin\Debug\Localizame.xbf
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\Localizame.g.i.cs
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\Localizame.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\Localizame.xaml
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\Localizame.xbf
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\bin\Debug\Galeria.xbf
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\Galeria.g.i.cs
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\Galeria.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\Galeria.xaml
C:\Users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\appDivinaCocoa\appDivinaCocoa\obj\Debug\Galeria.xbf
